Update Networking intro and move Multiplayer Gem topics underneath (#2051)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/networking/multiplayer/overview.md

---
linkTitle: Overview
title: Multiplayer Gem Overview
description: An overview of the Multiplayer Gem in Open 3D Engine. Includes an introduction to multiplayer components, which provide network state synchronization.
weight: 100
---

> In Open 3D Engine, the synchronization needed for multiplayer support is performed through *multiplayer components*. Like other components in O3DE, these are attached to *entities*. Multiplayer components offer the capability to receive function calls from a remote source, *remote procedure calls (RPC)*, and define the data to be synchronized across the network. Each multiplayer component, normally generated as an [autocomponent](./autocomponents), defines its own requirements for other data to be present and which functions are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In **Open 3D Engine (O3DE)**, the synchronization needed for multiplayer support is performed through *multiplayer components*. Like other components in O3DE, these are attached to *entities*. Multiplayer components offer *remote procedure calls (RPC)*, which allow the components to receive function calls from a remote source. Multiplayer components also define the data to be synchronized across the network. Each multiplayer component, normally generated as an [auto-component](./autocomponents), defines its own requirements for other data to be present and defines which functions are available.
```
The sentence "Multiplayer components offer..." was unclear as written. Is this rewrite accurate?
